docs: note that 2 to 3 migration may require deletion of node_modules (#7302)
facebook/create-react-app: CHANGELOG.md

yarn add --exact react-scripts@3.0.0
```

> You may need to delete your `node_modules` folder and re-install all your dependencies if you run into problems when migrating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: You may need to delete your `node_modules` folder and reinstall your dependencies by running `yarn` (or `npm install`) if you encounter errors after upgrading.**
```
